Pending capi v1beta2 updates (#1162)
suse-edge/suse-edge.github.io: asciidoc/product/atip-management-cluster.adoc

[#mgmt-cluster-kubernetes-folder-airgap]
=== Modifications in the kubernetes folder

> - The `kubernetes/helm/values/metal3.yaml` file must be updated to now set the `metal3-ironic.ipa.useHauler` Helm chart parameter to `true` (boolean value).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the `kubernetes/helm/values/metal3.yaml` file to set the `metal3-ironic.ipa.useHauler` Helm chart parameter to `true` (boolean value).
```
